Is it done?
Don't worry, Brother Fei has ordered the Celebration Legion
Without your permission
Luna and Linsley couldn't have left to visit
A mere business can overwhelm me
But I am a vegetarian
Use the software on the USB stick
All the fraud records in our computer
Deleted cleanly
Know what I mean?
Dare to touch me
All must die
Ha ha.
Look, this place is not suitable for long stay
The plane is coming soon
We leave in the afternoon
Brother Jun is still in Ah Fei's hands
I would be dead if it weren't for him
I can't just leave.
Don't worry, I won't save Brother Jun
It's just that I have to keep you safe before that
Not good four young masters
Thousands of legions blocked our car
The pilot of the private jet was also taken away
What!
Say you want to leave, leave Luna here
Otherwise no one wants to go